`id_rsa.pub` location when adding host using SSH Auth (#478)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/installguide/configuration.rst

      Before adding the host in CloudStack do the following,

>          - Copy the SSH public key from /var/lib/cloudstack/management/.ssh/id_rsa.pub on the management server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - Copy the SSH public key from ~cloud/.ssh/id_rsa.pub on the management server
```

Reviewer: the `cloud` user is created by cloudstack.

I tested on two management servers. 
the `cloud` users have different home directories on ubuntu and rocky. This is why I suggested.

- ubuntu 24.04
```
# ls -l ~cloud/.ssh/id_rsa.pub 
-rw-r--r-- 1 cloud cloud 594 Mar 14 16:19 /var/lib/cloudstack/management/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
```

- rocky8
```
# ls -l ~cloud/.ssh/id_rsa.pub 
-rw-r--r--. 1 cloud cloud 202 Mar 14 10:14 /var/cloudstack/management/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
```

Reviewer 2: I think @weizhouapache 's suggestion is valid. We could add a remark that "the actual user may differ depending on your configuration".
